[日本語READMEはこちら](/README.md)

# MimiClean
Simple Clean-like Architecture Library for C# (.NET Standerd 2.0).

Developed by Studio-id-Games, hirohiroj3cub.

# Uses
This library can be used for the following purposes
- Hierarchical design like Clean Architecture.
- To resolve dependencies like Dependency Injection.
- To achieve these goals as simply as possible, in a variety of environments, and with as few exceptions as possible.

## Main Features
- Dependency Injection-like dependency resolution
- Railway-Oriented error handling
- Clean Architecture-like hierarchical design structure
  - Domain : System design at conceptual scale
    - Entity : Conceptual-scale objects
      - EntityModule/EntityModuleSet : Functions for dividing and sharing partial functions of Entity
    - Service : Access point for DI
  - App(lication) : Design at operational scale
    - Usecase/Interactor : Definition and implementation of behavior
    - Repository : Definition of data access
  - Adapter : Design at environment scale
    - Gateway : Implementation of input according to the environment
    - Presenter : Response implementation to match the environment
    - Controller : abstract connection of Gateway -> Interactor -> Presenter -> Framework
  - Service and Repository can be implemented in any layer as long as the dependencies are not reversed. 

## Main performance
- The actual sample was created and generally operated without any problems. Additional functions can be added with a minimum of code. (Details will be described at a later date.)
- Service and Repository are static implementations, but can be accessed abstractly (i.e., switching instances of derived classes as needed) at almost zero cost using a method called “Static Type Caching” or the like.
- Besides that, I am trying to be somewhat performance conscious by using readonly (ref) structs and in arguments.
- I partially consulted ChatGPT and they said it is practical! (I did not use the code generated by the generation AI)

# How to use
MIT License. Since we are not releasing compiled .dll now, please build it by yourself using VisualStudio or other tools, and place and reference the compiled .dll in your favorite place.

Please refer to [Sample Project](/MimiClean/MimiCleanSample) for how to use each class. At a later date, we plan to distribute a compiled .dll, an API reference, and documentation for a simple introduction.

# Development Background
Basically, it was created for game development (Unity, my own development tool). Since trying to define it strictly would make it cumbersome to implement and use, we aim to make it as simple and easy to use as possible.

If you have any bugs or feature requests, [please feel free to Issue us!] (https://github.com/Studio-id-Game/MimiClean/issues)